 Ignore Spectators  Ignore Opponent
E4 Landorus joined.
Meganium Trainor joined.
Format: 
Monotype
Rated battle
Baton Pass Clause: Limit one Pokémon knowing Baton Pass
Swagger Clause: Swagger is banned
Same Type Clause: Pokémon in a team must share a type
Sleep Clause Mod: Limit one foe put to sleep
Species Clause: Limit one of each Pokémon
OHKO Clause: OHKO moves are banned
Moody Clause: Moody is banned
Evasion Moves Clause: Evasion moves are banned
Endless Battle Clause: Forcing endless battles is banned
HP Percentage Mod: HP is shown in percentages
E4 Landorus's team:
Swampert / Nidoking / Landorus / Quagsire / Garchomp / Excadrill
Meganium Trainor's team:
Diancie / Klefki / Clefable / Gardevoir / Azumarill / Togekiss
Battle between E4 Landorus and Meganium Trainor started!

Go! Garchomp!

Meganium Trainor sent out Hashtag Goals(Klefki)!
Turn 1

The opposing Hashtag Goals used Reflect!
Reflect raised the opposing team's Defense!

Garchomp used Earthquake!
It's super effective! The opposing Hashtag Goals lost 66% of its health!Turn 2

Garchomp, come back!

Go! Nidoking!

Meganium Trainor withdrew Hashtag Goals(Klefki)!

Meganium Trainor sent out Eggy Azalea(Togekiss)!
Turn 3

Meganium Trainor withdrew Eggy Azalea(Togekiss)!

Meganium Trainor sent out Hashtag Goals(Klefki)!

Nidoking used Thunderbolt!
The opposing Hashtag Goals lost 34% of its health!

The opposing Hashtag Goals fainted!

Meganium Trainor sent out JAMESDEENDAYDREAM (Azumarill)!
Turn 4

Nidoking used Sludge Wave!
A critical hit! It's super effective! The opposing JAMESDEENDAYDREAM lost 100% of its health!

The opposing JAMESDEENDAYDREAM fainted!

Meganium Trainor sent out Marina (Diancie)!
Turn 5
★Meganium Trainor: Im hella ded

Nidoking, come back!

Go! Excadrill!
Excadrill breaks the mold!

The opposing Marina used Earth Power!
It's super effective! Excadrill lost 63% of its health!
Turn 6

Excadrill, come back!

Go! Landorus!

The opposing Marina used Earth Power!
It doesn't affect Landorus...
Turn 7

The opposing Marina's Diancite is reacting to Meganium Trainor's Mega Bracelet!
The opposing Marina has Mega Evolved into Mega Diancie!

Landorus used Gravity!
Gravity intensified!

The opposing Marina used Moonblast!
Landorus lost 79% of its health!
Turn 8

The opposing Marina used Hidden Power!
Landorus lost 21% of its health!

Landorus fainted!

The opposing team's Reflect wore off!

Go! Excadrill!
Excadrill breaks the mold!
Turn 9

Meganium Trainor withdrew Marina (Diancie-Mega)!

Meganium Trainor sent out MOON POWER(Clefable)!

Excadrill used Iron Head!
It's super effective! The opposing MOON POWER lost 65% of its health!

The opposing MOON POWER restored a little HP using its Leftovers!
Turn 10

Excadrill used Iron Head!
A critical hit! It's super effective! The opposing MOON POWER lost 41% of its health!

The opposing MOON POWER fainted!

Meganium Trainor sent out White People(Gardevoir)!
The opposing White People traced Excadrill's Mold Breaker!
The opposing White People breaks the mold!
Turn 11

Excadrill used Iron Head!
A critical hit! It's super effective! The opposing White People lost 100% of its health!

The opposing White People fainted!

Gravity returned to normal!

Meganium Trainor sent out Eggy Azalea(Togekiss)!
Turn 12

Excadrill, come back!

Go! Nidoking!

The opposing Eggy Azalea used Air Slash!
Nidoking lost 43% of its health!
Turn 13

Nidoking used Sludge Wave!
It's super effective! The opposing Eggy Azalea lost 100% of its health!

The opposing Eggy Azalea fainted!

Meganium Trainor sent out Marina (Diancie-Mega)!
Turn 14

Nidoking, come back!

Go! Quagsire!

The opposing Marina used Earth Power!
Quagsire lost 48% of its health!

Quagsire restored a little HP using its Leftovers!
Turn 15

The opposing Marina used Earth Power!
Quagsire lost 43% of its health!

Quagsire used Earthquake!
It's super effective! The opposing Marina lost 78% of its health!

Quagsire restored a little HP using its Leftovers!
Turn 16

The opposing Marina used Earth Power!
Quagsire lost 20% of its health!

Quagsire fainted!

Go! Excadrill!
Excadrill breaks the mold!
Turn 17

Excadrill used Earthquake!
A critical hit! It's super effective! The opposing Marina lost 22% of its health!

The opposing Marina fainted!

E4 Landorus won the battle!
Ladder updating...
★Meganium Trainor: gggghg
★E4 Landorus: gg
Meganium Trainor left.
E4 Landorus left.
E4 Landorus's rating: 1358 → 1384
(+26 for winning)
Meganium Trainor's rating: 1467 → 1441
(-26 for losing)

